as it sits right now the Motorola 360 is
a really stylish looking watch
however we are being promised a steel
band for an additional $70 I'm going to
show you guys today how to upgrade that
for just 20 bucks
using the pebble steel band and get that
steel look right now so we're not going
to waste any time we're just gonna get
into this and you know what we really
don't need those so here is the steel
band from pebble it looks pretty decent
as far as the field goes you could
definitely feel you spent $20 on it and
but I'll show you why this is a special
band as opposed to any other band that
you'll get in out there and I want to
show you guys there is a little
screwdriver that comes with this that
you can use and the pins that come with
it you don't want to use you want to use
the pins that are actually in there
already and the screwdriver I'm gonna be
using is one that I actually use when I
take apart phone so I'm not gonna waste
too much of your time on this I do want
to show you how to take this apart but
after one two three four five tries I
finally did get the pin out you just
have to be diligent and take your time
by pushing the leather a little bit out
of the way there but you can see there
is a little u-shaped cut there in the
band and that is actually to go around a
little hump that in the watch head
itself is what makes this so unique so
that's what you're gonna need to look
for if you do want to get a band for
this watch know so far this is the only
one I've been able to find now before I
get too far into this I do want to thank
DOM over at Mack mixing you can check
out his video right here and he did one
for the silver and he actually gave me
the idea to do this and let everybody
know that this was available out there
so Dom thank you very much and check out
his video I'll put the link down there
as well alright so what I'm gonna do for
the next 30 seconds or so is basically
show you what not to do what you're
doing this watch and there is obviously
the slot in the side there which you
want to line this up now what makes
these pin so unique compared to the pins
that came with it is they actually
spring on both sides so it makes it a
lot easier to get this in when you're
actually trying to do it because it
gives you more
flexibility to actually push it together
get it in between the slots so it will
line up and then pinch in the place so
as I decided to try to do this with my
fingers only to realize you know what a
screwdriver would be a much better way
to do this so after realizing yet again
maybe the flat end would probably be a
better way to do it I decided to turn it
on the flat end and once you are lined
up just tilt the watch head up a little
bit to give you a little bit of an angle
and then you can pinch that in there and
once you actually get it in you push it
in the rest of the way and voila you're
all set up if you take your time doing
this it will not be difficult at all of
course if you're sitting with your arms
wrapped around the camera it might be a
little bit more difficult to do that
however here's the band it finished I'm
not going to waste your time do on the
other side it looks official as hell it
looks decent with the black I'm
definitely going to keep looking for
another band out there to go with this
it might be a little bit more premium so
again for a lateral $20 you can get it
at Best Buy or on Amazon this is the
steel look for the black version of the
Moto 360 so that just about does it for
me I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you have any questions please feel free
to hit me up down below and as always
thumbs up or thumbs down the video and
let me know why and if you'd like to
check out the next video that's upcoming
please be sure to hit that subscribe
button
our support is always appreciated and
you guys have a good afternoon and I
will see you in the next one